I promised to kill I'd go out and service with him after school, and I kept my word, but my head just wasn't in it.
A kill could tell, so he tried to see if everything was okay.
Honestly, at the time, I would have rather been playing video games, but I couldn't tell him that.
I mean, he's a pioneer. I'm an hysterial servant. He wouldn't understand.
Later that week, a kill invited me to go mountain biking with some friends.
It was actually really fun.
So then, you're obviously good at biking. What else do you like to do for fun?
Soon, I was showing him my video games, and surprisingly, he liked video games too.
But he said he chose to be selective.
He began to describe the gladiators in ancient Rome.
People would come from all over to watch them fight to the death.
And while the spectators weren't in any physical danger, the real danger came over time.
Repeatedly watching the blood shed and the killing, it was dulling their senses.
And they wanted more of it. It was a big test for the Christians who lived back then.
A kill helped me to reason on the scripture at Romans 12, verse 9.
A poor, what is wicked, cling to what is good.
So Danny, the games may have changed over time, but the violence is still the same.
I like video games, but I avoid the ones that promote what Jehovah hates.
Jehovah's people can still have fun, and yeah, we can even play video games.
I just want to make wise choices.
I want to show Jehovah that I hate wickedness, and make his heart glad.